it has taken a lockdown to remind many
of us of what was once the cornerstone
of every community corner shops are
popular again the Sonny Patel providing
the essentials has never been more
important despite the challenges of
staying safe in a tiny shop we feel
bitter my nervous and scared because of
you know the social distancing we put
our life on the risk and serving the
customer looking up to them they are
really really pleased for that but much
of his morning is now spent preparing
orders for delivery ten drop-offs a day
no bag too small and free for customers
like Maggie who can't go out what can I
say sunny is an angel without wings I
know I only have to pick up a phone and
I know if I said to Sonny I needed
something he would he would be with it
while he's out his wife is minding their
second shop in the last month sales at
local convenience stores have risen by
more than a third as people avoid
supermarket queues and rediscover
something they can't find elsewhere it's
a great shot and of course you can do
everything you can get your Nasri you
get your rent paid you know you council
tax i will definitely support them 100%
after this virus is over with but for
this family business staying open means
working all hours somehow finding time
late afternoon to visit the wholesalers
and restock and make sure right side is
16-hour day ends with volunteering
delivering hot meals to vulnerable
people one of thousands in a nation of
shopkeepers hoping we don't forget them
again when this is all over and Chapman
News at Ten swim